Privacy Policy

What information do we collect? 

Payboard Magento extension (thereafter "software") collects information through our Web site at several points. 

We collect personal information from you (store URL, email and public API key) when you (1) install the extension; (2) Apply API key in the extension configuration. This information is sent to us via email.

What do we use your information for?

Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:

(1) To improve our software
(we continually strive to improve our software offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
(2)To improve customer service, as a part of this we may contact you to get your feedback on software or announce important software updates
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)



Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested. Information will be accessed only by Altima Interactive and Payboard.

How do we protect your information? 

We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order

Do we use cookies? 

No (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information

Do we disclose any information to outside parties? 

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.

Third party links 

There are links to third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.


Your Consent 

By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy stated on this page.

Changes to our Privacy Policy

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on shop.altima.net.au

Contacting Us

If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the Contact page on shop.altima.net.au 